#summary How to customise the forum export template, with an explanation of all the tags.


=Forum Template and Generation=

==Summary==

Procurement uses a file ForumExportTemplate.txt located in the same folder as the executable. The tool will search for keywords, and replace them with item(s) matching the criteria defined for the keyword. The definitions are listed below.

This allows the user complete control over how the template will be generated, and what will be contained within it. Custom images, specifying indexer specific buyout formats in the spoilers etc. 

==Keywords==

  * *{DropOnlyGems}* - This ones from the wiki(http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Drop_Only_Gems). This will exclude quality drop only gems
  * *{IGN}* - IGN of your favorite character in settings
  * *{LastUpdated}* - Current date time. Format is "July 02, 2013 09:35 AM"
  * *{MagicFind}* - Any item with rarity, quantity or both stats will be included
  * *{PopularGems}* - This will be extended in a future release to be configurable. Currently the list is:
    * Blood Magic
    * Item Quantity
    * Life Gain on Hit
    * Life Leech
    * Multistrike
    * Reduced Mana
    * Spell Totem
    * Fork
    * Chain
    * Faster Attacks
    * Greater Multiple Projectiles
    * Lesser Multiple Projectiles
    * Mana Leech
    * Added Chaos Damage
    * Item Rarity
  * *{QualityGems}* - Any gems with quality
  * *{AuraGems}* - Aura gems such as Haste or Vitality
  * *{CurseGems}* - Curse gems such as Temporal Chains or Conductivity
  * *{TripRes}* - Any item with 3 or more explicit resist stats
  * *{Uniques}* - Any unique items
  * *{WhiteGear}* - Any white gear
  * *{LvlMaps}* - The keyword currently accepts a value for Lvl between 66 - 100. Some examples would be: {66Maps}, {67Maps}, {68Maps}. 
  * *{Stash:Name}* - The keyword will export an entire stash by name. This feature was requested. Some Examples would be {Stash:Uniques}, {Stash:Highlights}
  * *{OneHanders}* - All one handed weapons - Currently only available at head revision
  * *{TwoHanders}* - All two handed weapons - Currently only available at head revision

Then, the combinations of the following are valid:

{QualityGearType} where Quality can be: White, Magic, Rare, Unique
   	       
and GearType can be: Ring, Amulet, Helmet, Chest, Belt, Gloves, Boots, Axe, Claw, Bow, Dagger, Mace, Quiver, Sceptre, Staff, Sword, Shield, Wand

Some examples: {WhiteRing}, {RareChest}, {UniqueBelt}